fix: Update Building NFT indexer tutorial according to the source code changes (#12)
near/indexers-docs: tutorials/lake/nft-indexer.mdx

In this tutorial our goal is to show you how you can "listen" to the Events contracts emit and how you can benefit from them.

> As the example we will be building an indexer that watches all the NFTs minted following the [NEP-171](https://github.com/near/NEPs/discussions/171) standard, assuming we're collectors who don't want to miss a thing. Our indexer should notice every single NFT minted and give us a basic set of data like: in what Receipt it was minted, and show us the link to a marketplace (we'll cover [Paras](https://paras.id) and [Mintbase](https://mintbase.io) for example).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the example we will be building an indexer that watches all the NFTs minted following the [NEP-171 Events](https://nomicon.io/Standards/Tokens/NonFungibleToken/Event) standard, assuming we're collectors who don't want to miss a thing. Our indexer should notice every single NFT minted and give us a basic set of data like: in what Receipt it was minted, and show us the link to a marketplace (we'll cover [Paras](https://paras.id) and [Mintbase](https://mintbase.io) in our example).
```

          }
        })
      })
    }
```

Almost the same story as with Paras, but a little bit more complex. The nature of Mintbase marketplace is that it's not a single marketplace! Every Mintbase user has their own store and a separate contract. And it looks like those contract addresses follow the same principle they end with `.mintbaseN.near` where `N` is number (e.g. `nate.mintbase1.near`).

After we have defined that the ExecutionOutcome receiver is from Mintbase we are doing the same stuff as with Paras:

1. Changing the `marketplace` variable
2. Collecting the list of NFTs with owner and crafted links

And if we can't determine the marketplace, we still want to return something, so let's return Events data as is:

```ts title=index.ts
  } else {
    nfts = relevantOutcome.events.flatMap(event => event.data)
  }
```

It's time to push the collected data to the `output`

```ts title=index.ts
  output.push({
    receiptId: relevantOutcome.receipt.id,
    marketplace,
    nfts,
  })
```

And make it print the output to the terminal:

```ts title=index.ts
if (output.length) {
  console.log(`We caught freshly minted NFTs!`)
  console.dir(output, { depth: 5 })
}

> ```

Reviewer: Do you believe there is a need in collecting the list before printing out? In my original proposal I switched from `.map()` to `for` loop to separate the collection stage from the printing stage, so `for` loop printed the NFT events immediately without collecting them.

Author: I believe this will allow the developers to take this example and:

- send the collected data somewhere
- store it in a database
- send to the websocket

IMO it's more comfortable that the data is grouped.
